Extend build-tool integration with subcommands, central delivered tools and adding to Dependencies.toml (#42251)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: cli/ballerina-cli/src/test/resources/test-resources/command-outputs/unix/build-tool-non-existent-subcommand.txt

Executing Build Tools
ERROR [dummy_tool.nonexistent] Build tool command 'dummy_tool.nonexistent' not found

> WARNING: Execution of the build tool 'dummy_tool.nonexistent' for 'main_dummy' is skipped due to errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Execution of 'dummy_tool.nonexistent:main_dummy' is skipped due to errors
```
Since we print `Executing build tools` message at the beginning, let's remove the repeating parts.

Author: Fixed with 9c900ee382a0ef596c5cbe9e2298352bc5cbfa89
